feat: Editorial review for Shared Storage API docs (#30427)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/workletsharedstorage/keys/index.md

---
title: "WorkletSharedStorage: keys() method"
short-title: keys()
slug: Web/API/WorkletSharedStorage/keys
page-type: web-api-instance-method
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.WorkletSharedStorage.keys
---

{{APIRef("Shared Storage API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`keys()`** method of the

> {{domxref("WorkletSharedStorage")}} interface returns an [async iterator](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/AsyncIterator) containing the keys for each item in a `WorkletSharedStorage` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{domxref("WorkletSharedStorage")}} interface returns an [async iterator](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/AsyncIterator), which contains the keys for each item in a `WorkletSharedStorage` instance.
```
